README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Startedd

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Improved appearance of login screen and added readme

README.md, after:

## How to Run

First, install all dependencies:
```bash
npm i
# or
pnpm install
```

Ensure that both auth and backend services and your MongoDB instance are configured (following the instructions in their README documents) and running

Create a copy of `.env.default`, name it `.env`, and place it in the same directory as `.env.default`
Populate the new `.env` file with the required values.
Ensure that `BACKEND_ADDRESS` and `AUTH_ADDRESS` begin with `http://` and match the addresses (and ports) of the auth and backend servers.
Run the included openssl command in the `env.default` file to generate the internal key for token storage

Then, run the server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Navigate in your browser to `http://localhost:3000/` to view the StockTrack web UI.
Use a Chromium based browser for the best experience, as Firefox may experience some issues with formatting.

Note: login tokens expire after 1 hour. If you experience issues with requests being denied, log out and log back in.
